Add the instruction on how to use spec.version and spec.manifests (#2767)
knative/docs: docs/install/knative-with-operators.md

1. Create and apply the Knative Serving CR:

      <!-- This indentation is important for things to render properly. -->

   {{< tabs name="serving_cr" default="Install Current Serving (default)" >}}
   {{% tab name="Install Current Serving (default)" %}} You can install the latest available Knative Serving in the
   operator by applying the following content of the Serving CR:

```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
 name: knative-serving
---
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
  name: knative-serving
  namespace: knative-serving
```

> If you do not specify the version with `spec.version`, the operator will take the latest one available in the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify the version with `spec.version`, the operator default to the latest available version.
```

Reviewer 2: "If you do not specify a version by using `spec.version`, the operator defaults to the latest available version."

> If you do not specify the version with `spec.version`, the operator will take the latest one available in the operator. 

Reviewer 3: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
If you do not specify the version with `spec.version`, the operator will take the latest one available in the operator.
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{% tab name="Install Future Knative Serving" %}} You do not need to upgrade the operator to a newer version to install

> new releases of Knative Serving. If Knative Serving launches a new version, e.g. `ma.mi.pa`, you can install it by

Reviewer 4: `ma.mi.pa` here.

> {{% tab name="Install Future Knative Serving" %}} You do not need to upgrade the operator to a newer version, to install
> the new releases of Knative Serving. If Knative Serving launches a new version, e.g. `ma.mi.pa`, you can install it by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tab name="Install Future Knative Serving" %}} You do not need to upgrade the operator to a newer version to install new releases of Knative Serving. If Knative Serving launches a new version, e.g. `ma.mi.pa`, you can install it by
```

> applying the following content:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
applying a YAML file containing the following:
```

metadata:
  name: knative-serving
  namespace: knative-serving
spec:
  version: ma.mi.pa
  manifests:
    - URL: https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v${VERSION}/serving-core.yaml
    - URL: https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v{VERSION}/serving-hpa.yaml
    - URL: https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v{VERSION}/serving-post-install-jobs.yaml

>     - URL: https://github.com/knative-sandbox/net-istio/releases/download/v0.17.0/net-istio.yaml

Reviewer 2: Should we change `v0.17.0` to `v${VERSION}` too?

Author: I would rather keep v0.17.0 for net-istio, because spec.version is for the version of knative.
net-istio is ingress plugin. it could be any supported version.

```

The field `spec.version` is used to set the version of Knative Serving. Replace `ma.mi.pa` with the correct version number.
The tag `${VERSION}` is automatically replaced with the version number from `spec.version` by the operator.

The field `spec.manifests` is used to specify one or multiple URL links of Knative Serving component. Do not forget to
add the valid URL of the Knative network ingress plugin. Knative Serving component is still tightly-coupled with a network

> ingress plugin in the operator. As in the above example, you can use `net-istio`. The list of URLs is order critical. Put

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ingress plugin in the operator. As in the above example, you can use `net-istio`. The ordering of the URLs is critical. Put
```

the manifest you want to apply first on the top.

{{< /tab >}}

{{% tab name="Install Customized Knative Serving" %}} The operator provides you the flexibility to install customized
Knative Serving based your own requirements. As long as the manifests of customized Knative Serving are accessible to
the operator, they can be installed.

For example, the version of the customized Knative Serving is 0.17.0, and it is available at `https://my-serving/serving.yaml`.
You can create the content of Serving CR as below:

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd rewrite any of this to make it general, and if we can always just refer to a generic version or variable for it instead of saying specific number versions, e.g. v.0.17.0. It just saves maintenance / updates later.

```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
 name: knative-serving
---
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
  name: knative-serving
  namespace: knative-serving
spec:
  version: 0.17.0
  manifests:
    - URL: https://my-serving/serving.yaml
    - URL: https://github.com/knative-sandbox/net-istio/releases/download/v0.17.0/net-istio.yaml
```

You can make the customized Knative Serving available in one or multiple links, as the `spec.manifests` supports a list
of links. The list of URLs is order critical. Put the manifest you want to apply first on the top. We strongly recommend

> you to specify the version and the valid links to the customized Knative Serving, by leveraging both of `spec.version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you to specify the version and the valid links to the customized Knative Serving, by leveraging both `spec.version`
```

metadata:
  name: knative-serving
  namespace: knative-serving
spec:
  version: {{spec.version}}
  manifests:
    - URL: https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v${VERSION}/serving-core.yaml
    - URL: https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v{VERSION}/serving-hpa.yaml
    - URL: https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v{VERSION}/serving-post-install-jobs.yaml

>     - URL: https://github.com/knative/net-istio/releases/download/v0.17.0/net-istio.yaml

Reviewer 4: Strange not to have a {VERSION} here, but I'm assuming it's because there might be a different patch version.

Reviewer 4: For a future update, we should figure out how to unify these and give some additional hints on how versioning should work.

```

The field `spec.version` is used to set the version of Knative Serving. Replace `{{spec.version}}` with the correct version number.

> The tag `${VERSION}` is automatically replaced with the version number from `spec.version` by the operator.

Reviewer 4: This says `${VERSION}`, but the example uses `v{VERSION}` with no `$`.

Reviewer 4: (Or, if this is talking about a different concept, it's not clear what it references.)

The field `spec.manifests` is used to specify one or multiple URL links of Knative Serving component. Do not forget to
add the valid URL of the Knative network ingress plugin. Knative Serving component is still tightly-coupled with a network

> ingress plugin in the operator. As in the above example, you can use `net-istio`. The ordering of the URLs is critical.

Reviewer 5: It sounds like uses can choose other ingress plugin. 
But only `net-istio` is supported now? (I assumed it because `Before you begin` section says `Download and Istio`.

Author: that's tricky. since we can specify the plugin, we technically can install any of them with the customized yaml.

Reviewer 4: We don't have official support for non-Istio installs yet, but bring-your-own YAML provides an out.

Reviewer 5: I understand. Thank you.

Put the manifest you want to apply first on the top.

{{< /tab >}}

{{% tab name="Install Customized Knative Serving" %}} The operator provides you the flexibility to install customized
Knative Serving based your own requirements. As long as the manifests of customized Knative Serving are accessible to
the operator, they can be installed.

> For example, the version of the customized Knative Serving is `ma.mi.pa`, and it is available at `https://my-serving/serving.yaml`.

Reviewer: @evankanderson What could we use here instead of `ma.mi.pa` - I don't see it used anywhere else in docs. Is there a standard we use for an example version, or just the latest version.

Reviewer 4: I would probably use `{{spec.version}}` here if possible, or a concrete version like `0.16.4`. The major.minor.patch as two-letter abbreviations seems a bit non-standard.

Author: I have replace all the existences of ma.mi.pa with {{spec.version}}.

### Installing the Knative Eventing component

1. Create and apply the Knative Eventing CR:

      <!-- This indentation is important for things to render properly. -->

   {{< tabs name="eventing_cr" default="Install Current Eventing (default)" >}}
   {{% tab name="Install Current Eventing (default)" %}} You can install the latest available Knative Eventing in the
   operator by applying the following content of the Eventing CR:

```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
 name: knative-eventing
---
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: KnativeEventing
metadata:
  name: knative-eventing
  namespace: knative-eventing
```

> If you do not specify the version with `spec.version`, the operator will take the latest one available in the operator. 

Reviewer 3: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
If you do not specify the version with `spec.version`, the operator will take the latest one available in the operator.
```

```

The field `spec.version` is used to set the version of Knative Eventing. Replace `ma.mi.pa` with the correct version number.
The tag `${VERSION}` is automatically replaced with the version number from `spec.version` by the operator.

The field `spec.manifests` is used to specify one or multiple URL links of Knative Eventing component. Do not forget to
add the valid URL of the Knative network ingress plugin. The list of URLs is order critical. Put the manifest you want
to apply first on the top.

{{< /tab >}}

{{% tab name="Install Customized Knative Eventing" %}} The operator provides you the flexibility to install customized
Knative Eventing based your own requirements. As long as the manifests of customized Knative Eventing are accessible to
the operator, they can be installed.

For example, the version of the customized Knative Eventing is 0.17.0, and it is available at `https://my-eventing/eventing.yaml`.
You can create the content of Eventing CR as below:

```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
 name: knative-eventing
---
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: KnativeEventing
metadata:
  name: knative-eventing
  namespace: knative-eventing
spec:

>   version: 0.17.0

Reviewer 2: Same comments pretty much for this as above.
